Based on the challenge documents, those three successful checks strongly indicate that your Part 1 implementation is technically working, but Part 1 is not fully complete just because the three commands passed.

The final FAQ explicitly says Part 1 is a pass/fail gate: it must run end-to-end with one command and produce a predictions.csv that passes validate_submission.py.

Your results show:

✅ validate_submission.py → OK
15 gateways × 8 weeks
Correct weeks
120 rows
✅ python run.py --data data --out predictions.csv
One-command execution works
Output generated successfully
✅ pytest tests/ -v
Your own automated tests pass
But check these before saying "Part 1 COMPLETE"

The challenge documents require additional Part 1 submission/gate items:

DECISIONS.md — required, including five decisions, alternatives/rejections, the selected Part 2 area, and limitations.
AI-USAGE.md — required, including your AI usage and one actual AI mistake that you caught.
README/documentation.
A 6–8 minute screen recording.
Normal/incremental Git commit history rather than one huge commit.
The repository must be public for hand-in.
The recording must be linked.
The dataset must not be uploaded/shared publicly. The final FAQ explicitly reiterates the public repository + validated predictions + documentation + recording requirements.

Also, the reviewer should be able to clone the repository into a clean directory, put the data in data, and run the command successfully. The FAQ specifically recommends rehearsing this on a machine that is not yours.

. It runs with one command on a computer that is not yours. docker compose up, make run, or whatever you
prefer, reading the data from a folder called data.
2. It writes a file called predictions.csv — 15 gateways for each of the 8 weeks from 2 February to 23 March
2026. 120 rows. Five columns: week_start, rank, gateway_id, score, reason. Check it with
validate_submission.py before you send it.
3. DECISIONS.md — five choices you made, and for each one, what else you could have done and why you did
not. One of the five must say which area you picked in Part 2, and why.
4. What it cannot do — where your thing falls over, and what another two weeks would fix.
5. AI-USAGE.md — what you used AI tools for, and one thing they got wrong that you spotted.
6. A normal commit history. Not one big commit at the end